Heyo everyone. There are a lot of things I need to talk about.

First one, chapter 9 will be delayed until mid-to-late March. There are several things going on behind curtains.

The first change I’m doing is editing every single instance of Sher or any vampire bunnies. If you reread chapters 1 and 2 you’ll notice the change is already present in there.

Why that?

This is the thing. Sher’s species is based off a vrchat avatar. It’s properly credited and all. However, if I ever want to monetize aspects of the comic (e.g. selling a side story, or making merch in a future or commissioning an anime of the comic [ok that’d be incredible but way too expensive lmao] or so), that species doesn’t belong to me.

Nobody has told me anything. I’m doing the changes proactively to avoid any issues down the line. Better now that I have to modify around 170 pages, that in a year when I will have around 300.

And being very honest, I feel that the new tail fits them more and they feel a lot more personal. So yes. The changes are being applied retroactively, but its an immense task to tackle. You’ll see that older chapters will be getting updated little by little.

What about Avali? I didn’t create Avali. It’s true, but at the same time Avali were released under a creative commons license that does allow me to do things with them.

But that isn’t all. Along with the updates, I’m adding proper transcriptions of all the panels, like I started doing in chapter 6. When I finish, the whole comic will have them, making easier for people to translate them or to have a screen reader or anything of sorts. Chapters 1 and 2 have theirs already done. I added a couple easter eggs too, like linking to actually one of the songs that the band played, or adding a whole section to the page describing bunny lore. These details will be more common as I fix more and the comic goes on.

And finally, besides fixing grammar in some panels (I uploaded these pages before having my co-writer helping me with it), I’m updating some of the older pages to fit the current much better developed lore. When I started the comic, over all during the first two or three chapters, there were aspects I hadn’t planned thoroughly -e.g. the Horker King’s personality-, aspects that now are well planned to the detail. If you reread the comic, you’ll notice that some things that weren’t put in detail before, or that looked just added in without a proper reason, now have one. Also there are several little panel details that reflect these lore updates. It’s worth mentioning, the story is not changing. You can decide not to reread the comic, and that’ll be absolutely fine; you should have no issues. But the changes will benefit new readers a lot, mainly for clarity.

All that been said, that’s not the reason why Chapter 9 is being delayed; the “fixing older pages” is not something I’m investing all my time in. There were other things going on (in real life) that required me to slow down temporally. So yes, the comic will come (and its already being worked on), but its going to come in the middle of March.

That’s essentially what I had to say. Thank you very much for reading! I love you all. You’re awesome.
