Panel 1 shows Sawi and Sher watching a screen with 4 avali: R'alett Rrskee (Ck'akk's advisor and second in command), Ck'akk Rrskee (Illuminate Director), Sah Holhiik (Secretary of the Department of Foreign Affairs), J'ask Haboktheti' (Leader of the Dept of Avali Resources, Sawi's Boss). Ck'akk says "Good evening, Ouakkia Pack, I understand this is important, urgent and, for now, secret. Please identify yourselves and explain what's going on". Sawi replies "Good evening. My name is Sawi and he's Sher. You may have heard of him; he's the leader of MMF, the music band that's very popular among Avali right now. He is also an official member of our pack".

Panel 2 shows Sawi and Sher (who has a worried expression). Narration says "Cherry was terrified and at first he couldn't stop stuttering and shaking. However..." and Sher is shown saying "W-we need h-help from the i-i-Illuminate b-because hor-Horkers a-Are threatening and... and... their... uh.. cruelty...".

Panel 3 is almost identical to Panel 2, but Sawi is smiling, Sher looks confident and the narration says "...After some minutes, he had it". Sher is saying "We cannot oppose the Horker menace without help from the Illuminate. Right now it's just us bunnies, but what about the future? When they acquire enough power to risk everyone else's lives? And we know that's what's going to happen if nobody interfers; dictators always want more and more power".

Panel 4 has Sah asking "Are you a licensed diplomat for the Vampire Bunny species, Sher?" and Sher replies "Uh... I'm not, Mrs. Kolhiik".

In the last panel Sah says "Okay, Sher. Let me explain. We cannot take your help request because you aren't an official diplomat for your species, and you aren't in imminent danger right now. So you can't be protected by protocol Vermilion HK-561. That been said, nothing is lost. There's a protocol to follow that can turn you into an official diplomat for your species and planet. It requires some of your species' leaders to appoint you as such. If you do it, we will be able to take your request and take a decision about it. I'll send Sawi all the information right now".
