Panel 1 shows D with their bass, Sher with his acoustic guitar and Rowi with just a snare, the trio sitting on the floor. Sher is singing a song in an Avali dialect.

Panel 2 Sawi says "Yooo! Cherry! You nailed the pronuntiation of most of the words! Great work! One thing is to learn Avali Core, another to learn our local dialects! This is awesome! I didn't expect this and... I'm certain Eikomi will be in awe too!". Naha says with a tear "That was one of the saddest songs I've heard in my life! Is it based on a real story?".

Panel 3 Eikomi appears and says "Cherry and cutie, come here, we have something for you two".

Panel 4 Sher is receiving a headset. The description says "Cherry, for you, this headset is a model way superior to the one you're wearing right now. This one can hold itself gently inside and outside of your ears, giving you a way better audio quality. The antenna can't be taken out but you can disable it easily. This was made with a material much more resistant to physical punishment. In addition, the translator should work even faster and more accurately. It doesn't have a crystal screen in front of your eyes, but it has something even better. Take out the one you're wearing right now and put this one while I show cutie their own gift".

Panel 5 shows D holding something on their hands, clearly holding back his emotions. "F--for me? Guys, you don't know me... Is normal to feel this weird for getting something? T... thank you guys, ugh". The description says "And cutie, the thing you're holding is a 3D recorder. Attach it to one of your anglers and you'll be able to record around you, and you'll be able to change its angle and distance during post processing. It comes with 513 PB of storage, enough for 2 years of nonstop recording at max resolution".


Translation of the song to English:
=========
“Kauko said goodbye to their last packmate
The last survivor of a pirate invasion
Lost in the middle of the space
They did not know how to return home

They weren’t sure they wanted to return
They were the last survivor
They wanted to sit down and die
Because they were alone and miserable
Lost in space.

Help them! It’s impossible. Life is
A burden in their eyes. They cry,
Nothing makes sense.
They are the last survivor
Lost in the middle of the space
They didn’t know how to return home.”
