Panel 1 shows the ship being transported from deep underwater to the surface using some platform. Sher says "I keep wondering why the other species decided to ally with the horkers. Why would anyone side with them?". Rowi replies "Because, honey, regardless of what we think, these things aren't black and white. Apparently the Unmizu had a lot to do with the Kuyorui's decision without even realizing it."

Panel 2 shows the ship waiting while the moon is in the sky. Rowi continues. "According to what I readon the Nexus, the Unmizu used to be a very cruel, aggressive predatory species on this planet. They've changed, but their reputation hasn't. I wouldn't be surprised if the Kuyorui saw hoekers as their only option to get ri of the Unmizu and be free and safe, considering that due to their technology and good standing with all the galactic coalitions, the Unmizu are seen positively by everyone. OK, 5 minutes and 31 seconds to our launch".

Panel 3 shows Rowi sitting in the pilot seat, with D and Sher at his sides. Rowi continues. "Space politics aren't that different from Earth's politics, even if the topics differ and everyone considers themselves "enlightened". That's something I learned the hard way after I left the cozyness of Protion to go to Earth". Sher replies "I can understand that. It's complicated. In the years we've been doing this I came to accept there isn't a truly "fully good" species". Rowi replies "I mean, even us Avali are very predatorial on our own planet. We aren't blind to that. Our saving grace is that none of our prey is sapient".

Panel 4 shows Rowi looking forward and saying "I know our anti-gravitational field means we don't need to wear seatbelts or similar, but please, sit down in a chair. It makes me nervous to see you just standing there".

The last panel shows Roi and Mekari. Roi complains "Why are we here, Meky? Why aren't we with the others helping them or something? and Mekari replies "Because we can't, dear Roi. Not only can we not do anything useful. We would just be a nuisance. Especially me, considering how large I am".
