Panel 1 shows the cave the party are staying in for a few days. They have made it real cosy with rugs and lights, workstations for the Avali and big cosy beanbags/beds and blankets.

Roi is in the bed playing a game on her phone whilst Kau is asleep next to her.

The narration says "That day everyone stayed in the cave. It was nice not having to walk for a day, but work didn't really stop. Kyat and K'auzau kept doing analysis work". Kyat has a thought bubble and she's saying: "Ugh this is scary... and super interesting"

Meanwhile K'auzau is talking to Joh and Lir while showing them something on his laptop: "Do you know any of these?". The bunnies reply with "We call these plants thornbush when they're seeding their berries are amazing. They're also good to hide from predators! The thorns hurt them but not us."

Mekari is looking in through the opening as he is slightly too large to fit, he is with Kig outside. He says "This is a nice place to rest and it's big enough for me to get inside when night comes."

Pane; 2: Shows a video feed of various big fuzzy creatures hiding in the snow. Kyat says: "Ok friends this footage explains a lot of what's going on. First we've been followed since we arrived in the wild area, however.... After mekari killed one of the predators. Everyone kept their distance from us, but they kept following, some predators left and some joined, but they've been keeping tabs on us."

Panel 3: Shows Kyat speaking to the camera.

"In other words from now on we must be extremly careful with how we move, what we do and even how to advance. One thing is clear though; there are a lot of Persistence Hunters on this planet and their skills to hide are beyond anything we expected."

Panel 4 shows a snow filled nighttime scene of BPE with more narration boxes.

"We talked about it and of course we decided to reinforce our stance: Safety first on everything. The walks would be shorter and both Mekari and Kig would notify us of anything unusual. No matter how far away it was."

"We were all on edge, but there wasn't much we could do. At the same time it made us realise that the fauna on this planet was way smarter that we were giving it credit for."
