Panel 1: A spaceship is going down on Earth, with a smoke trail behind it. The ship has the traditional “flying disc” shape. A description square explains. “1947, Roswell, New Mexico (Earth), galaxy 72536224. A Terian ship that had suffered an accident entered Earth’s orbit and crashed. While there were lots of witnesses, the government who owned these lands stepped in to make it look like nothing happened.

Panel 2: Some people in suits are shaking hands with an alien. The description continues. “While secretely some aliens had been living on Earth with humans, after this incident it was decided that aliens would be officially shown to the general population. Top secret officials from most ‘big’ nations decided that they would take 30 years to prepare mankind for it”.

Panel 3: There are two advertisements, one that shows “Aliens against the Loch Ness Monster” with an alien, a human with tie and a dragon serpent behind, and another that says “What would happen if ALIENS were among us? Nothing! If this was the case, Aliens (or beings from Outer Space) would have been with us, helping us, from the beginning of time! It wouldn’t be any different! Everything would go on normally. There would be no reason to fear them. Maybe they would be helping us fight against the Communists!”. The description continues. “There were several things. to do. The first ones were to sway the public opinion in favor of aliens. They did this with advertisements, movies, TV series and, in general, bombarding every single media with pro-alien propaganda. Along with that, different countries started approving laws that made racism generally illegal. The 60s were an interesting decade if you were on Earth. It was a time where people started showing a sharp cultural progression. In the musical aspect rock and roll started becoming a thing, thanks to artists like The Rolling Stones, The Beatles, The Who and many more. But along with this came another sharp advancement…”

Panel 4: Shows a PDP-1 computer photo. The description continues. “… Computers. If humans were going to become friends with aliens, first their technology had to advance way quicker than it had been.”

Panel 5: Shows a girl with long hair, two antennas, no ears, four eyes and four arms. She’s greeting with two of them. The narration continues. “This is where I come in! My name is Xunkiira! Computer expert from the Flieraug species! I took this gig to help humans push their computer technology forward!”.