Panel 1 shows Mekari wearing his cape, and Roi wearing her hat, along with Sawi looking at them. Sawi says "And you, dears, we talked with D, Rowi and Sher last night. After this gig, we're going to hire new roadies. Meky, you'll be their boss". Mekari says "Understood, ma'am. I'll do my best". Sawi continues. "And Roi, honey, you'll be the head of Security and Safety. And yes, Mekari will be your boss". Roi replies with "Understood, big sister! I'll do my best!".

In the panel 2 we see Mekari using a computer with a heat-based screen. Mekari is typing "No, I don't want to work as a bodyguard for you. Besides, I'm employed by the Ouakkia family". [Ouakkia is the official Avali name of Rowi's pack, it means 'Unearthers']. The narration says "Mekari had been working with the band for two years by now. He had learned everything he needed, from setting up instruments, to safety and everything in between. What made it impressive is that Sleriki don't see colors like us; their vision is heat-based. He also tried to remain professional at all times. We added him to our (by now) very large family, and he was elated. Explaining why MMF, a simple music band, had a Sleriki working for them was always fun".

The third panel has Sher, Rowi, D and Eikomi. Sher says "So. The next gig is going to be our last one, and then we're going to take a 6 month long vacation, right?". Rowi says "Right!" and D says "Nau and Khi are going to be ecstatic when we go visit them".

Panel 4 shows just the ship traveling. The narration says "And off we went. Our destination was only 448 million year lights away from Protion, so the journey would take just two days".

Panel 5 shows a planet, and the description "Wakkr'y is a planet located in a privileged position: It's in the exact middle of the habitable zone of its parent star. It's 80% covered by oceans, and while its gravitational pull and atmosphere are similar to Earth's, its composition and biodiversity are very different".

Panel 6 shows the ship about to land, with an Unmizu (sea anthro creature, big hand paws, hair and fins at the sides of his cheeks and over his hands) looking at it.
