Panel 1: Nau says “What did I just hear? Leaving your family for another? Abandoning your kids without a real reason? Earth’s society is just horrible!”. Khi says “How can a society become like this? I knew other species would have other traditions or definitions about family but… but… ugh”

Panel 2: D explains “When we went to visit you, Nau, Khi, Roi… that was my first proper taste of what a true family is (not counting Rowi and Sher). And I feel that, in spite of everything, I’m the luckiest deer in the whole universe. Sure, my family on Earth sucked, but you all… I gained a family, one where everything I see is love and affection. You are more than anything I could’ve ever dreamed of, as a kid”.

Panel 3: Theres a pic of the avali pack hugging D, a reference to a scene in Chapter 4. “When we visited Protion… a couple months ago… I wasn’t sure anybody would ever love me. Or better said, I didn’t believe I could ever deserve affection… and you guys not only made me understand that affection isn’t tied to being ‘deserving’ of it. You added me to your pack like you had known me my whole life. I admit that at times I had wondered if I was… just a sad violin player between Rowi and Sher. You all proved me that no. I was wrong. I am really loved. I am part of your family.”

Panel 4: Khi says “You know, D, I know you’re talking about the group of av… avo… avoli… ravioli… avali. That. Avali. You’re talking mainly about your Avali family. But… you are more than welcome to be part of our family too. You’re a good boy. I know Nau and me often disagree on things, but I know her and I know that this time she totally agrees with me”. Nau says “Yes, I do”.

Panel 5: Sawi says “We all belong to the same family, even if we have our own packs along it”. Eikomi, still hugging D, says “You’re our D-R and I’m happy to say you’re my brother”.

Panel 6: Saw continues. “…but guys, speaking of families and packs, just some minutes ago I received some very interesting news. This info comes straight from the Illuminate, and it’s for our ears only, so I’m going to switch to Bunny Song [Vampire bunnies’ native language] right now to explain it”.

