Panel 1 shows some diagrams, everyone looking at them. The Unmizu accompanying the king says "So far, Horkers have tried to access us with 3 weapons: Two heavy missiles that can work underwater, and one bio-tear beam. The water pressure simply destroyed them, rendering them harmless. The bio tear beam couldn't reach us at this depth.

Panel 2 shows the Unmizu saying "Horkers started their attacks right away, but they don't like they're trying to destroy us yet. It's more like they want to test their power. Our best assumptions are that they want to take our technology first, then to actually destroy us all. This gives us some time, though. And it's also what will give you a chance to escape. Listen to me carefully".

Panel 3 shows the planet, the location of the Horker mothership, drones and and arrows showing the rotation direction of the planet. "Their mothership is stationary, ignoring the planet's rotation. They also deployed thousands of surveillance drones. Our plan is: We'll use an EMP to disable all the drones above us, and you'll have time to escape before other drones come to replace the disabled ones".

Panel 4 continues. "We'll raise you to the surface in 3 hours and 14 minutes. When you arrive to the surface, timing it so we're at the exact opposite side of the planet than the Horker's mothership, you'll turn your ship cloak on and fly straight up in a direction we'll give you. We will use the EMP right after that. The EMP will disable your navigation too, but you will keep flying without stopping. Your ship should recover after 6 minutes and 28.392 seconds anyways".

Panel 5 shows one of the same drones used in chapter 2. "You don't have to fear being attacked right off the bat: The drones are unarmed, as they're just for surveillance. You just need to keep your cover until you escape the planet. Once out, you must warp to the coordinates we'll give you and join a merchant fleet that will be awaiting for you. Then you'll be safe". Sher says "W-WAIT! A-are these drones... FOR HORKER SURVEILLANCE??? Seriously?". "Yes, Mr. Sher. What's up?".

