Panel 1: Xunkiira (although here she looks like a human with bean eyes, no extra arms, wings nor anything too weird) is talking to an audience with a couple other flieraugs next to her. There’s a whiteboard behind her that says “- Research networks - New storage tech (Magnetic) - Teach programming to kids - Shrink down computers - Commercial online services - More powerful OS - Chips - Instant electronic mail”. She says. “Technology cannot develop fast if everyone is an island. You need to create a network for researchers, where students and enthusiasts from all around this planet can interact and develop things together, as fast as possible. With fast i mean “immediately”, probably just seconds apart.” The narration at the side says “I arrived to Earth in 1967, and started teaching some nerds in high positions about the most immediate goals that their technology should have”.

Panel 2: The narration continues. “It was during these speeches that I met her. Rachel was one of the humans attending, and always asking questions”. The panel shows a girl with short but wide hair. She’s wearing some big thick glasses, asking Kiira ‘What’s the best approach to shrink down computers?’”

Panel 3: 5 years later. The narration continues. “That girl got fired from her job, but she kept coming to my talks and asking questions. And I’d dare to say she was the human with most interest in what I was saying”. The panel has Kiira talking with a more casual attire than the previous ones. Rachel is raising her hand. Kiira says “Eventually in a future, your devices shall be as small as the one I’m holding. Yes, Rachel?”.

Panel 4: It shows Kiira and Rachel together, Rachel looks like she’s asking Kiira about something. The narration says “Eventually she asked me out. She asked me if I liked any music from Earth, and I had to tell her that I can’t hear, I can only read minds. She was sad; she wanted to talk to me about “The Beatles” and “Yellow Submarine”.

Panel 5: Shows Kiira and Rachel sitting down eating a hot-dog and a drink at some park. Rachel says “It feels weird to have my questions answered before even saying them out loud”. Kiira replies with “I see that. And yes, I hide a lot of my more ‘alien’ features to avoid humans focusing in them instead of the stuff I came to talk about”.