The entire page shows Rowi and Khi talking under the snow during the evening. Panel 1 Rowi says "When we avali visit unknown planets, we often set up 'Safety nets' that protect us from possible predators, usually with electric jolts. I am detecting the one set up by the previous Avali pack, it looks like they left it turned on to protect you bunnies".

Panel 2 Rowi continues. "That predator net is not perfect, but it helps a lot to keep things safe, and based off what we've seen this month living here, it works. If you want my opinion, be honest, tell the foraging parties that its safer, but remind them that there are still dangers there, like the deadly plants". Khi says "You guys are incredible, I would never have thought something like that, a thing keeping predators away, was possible here".

Panel 3 Khi continues. "I shouldn't be surprised, though, when we interacted with your family back on that space station, we saw how smart you all are... and both Nau and I saw how Sher picked up what you all taught him. I think that's when we had to admit space isn't that bad". Rowi replies "Believe me, Sher was already very smart and educated when I met him, he had been on Earth for an entire year and he was very knowledgeable".

Panel 4 Rowi continues. "I saw him learning different things, from programming to his instrument, and I'll be honest with you... I was feeling alone due to being far away from my family, he and D became my family... and I never realized when my feelings for him had turned into love. When we visited here the first time, I wanted to give you my best impression. I knew you weren't fond of space, and that was an obstacle I was going to overcome no matter the price".

Panel 5 Khi says "When you came that time, we were very angry, but we saw how you were basically telling Sher to be mindful of our feelings too, when he decided to go to his room where the egg was resting, then we... what's up? Your scent changed all of a sudden". Rowi replies "We must move and set up right now".

The final panel shows Rowi, with his visor having some symbols "It's time".
