Panel 1 shows the Avali stationed on BPE sitting together on large beanbags.
Khi and Nau are with them as Bunny elders, both of them are now wearing cloaks as well as hats.
Sawi and Eikomi are in the front row.

Sawi is saying:
Do we have any way to prove who was responsible for that bunny massacre? I mean real, undeniable proof? We know who to blame, but without proof, even if we report this, the coalitions won't be able to do anything about it.

Besides, do you have any ideas or suggestions about how that development was lost? The Babu here have no written language yet, let alone the knowledge of forging and building metal tools.

K'auzau: Well Miss Sawi...

Panel 2:
Shows a close up on K'auzau
Behind him on the screen is a map of the expedition:
"We can guess, but we cannot throw an accusation at this point. One thing we know for sure though...."

"This was a "First Trip" to learn if there was anything out there. There is, we returned with more questions than answers, but we expected that to happen. In the end though we don't know for sure.

Panel 3:
A close up of Kyat looking pissed! She says
"Unlike K'auzau who doesn't want to say anything troublesome yet, I'm going to say my thoughts, what I think happened: Yes, Horkers are to blame for all this. They came here, invaded the bunny towns and massacred everyone. What we saw wasn't just a random horror. We saw cruelty and a pit full of murdered eggs and bunnies who likely tried to protect them."

Panel 4:
We see an outside of the habitat dome and the snow falling.

Kyat: 
"We don't know why bunnies lost all the advancements they had. But what I think happened is that only bunnies living in the countryside escaped the Horker cruelty. Bunnies who didn't have access to that "New Technology" and as such didn't even know it existed... Those survivors were the parents of the bunies here with us. But that we don't know for sure.

What we know for sure is that Future packs investigating this mystery may uncover more answers. But until then, this is all just guessing." 

TO BE CONTINUED.
