Everyone is eating something different from Earth. Sawi is eating fries with fried egg, Sher is eating pudding, Rowi is eating baguette, Eikomi is eating meatballs with mashed potatoes, Kig is eating hot dog. There’s an ongoing conversation.

Sawi: I got the news that the Illuminate wants to learn about your species, and apparently they’re planning to send a pack to your planet. Usually this means sending a diplomat to learn about your society, customs, etc. And While I wasn’t told this, I’m sure they will be very interested in learning about what Horkers did to your people.

Sher: For real? Why? I mean, what happened that caught the interest of the governing body who rules the entire Avali species? This is awesome! But also… strange.

Eikomi: Oh, I think I can answer that one. It’s because we’re very high in the Avali pack hierarchy. See, if one of the highest ranked Avali packs has a member who fell in love with an alien… and then his pack adopts said alien… Of course curious eyes will want to know more. Then you did that incredible performance of ‘Cattle’ with a lot of Avali seeing it! I mean… you are being talked about all around! And the info the Illuminate had about your species was very sparce and written by these same reptilian morons you were singing about, so they likely want to set the record straight.

Kig: Oh yeah, speaking about these freaks, while I don’t have any concrete proof, apparently horkers are terrified of us Avali and would love to wipe us out if they could, because our weaponry is so advanced that could get rid of them with ease. I checked our databases to confirm it. They want to rule with fear, and our tech is so advanced that we have no reason to fear them at all. That would be why they loathe us… and fear us.

Nau: Knowing that horkers are free and happy out there somewhere is so distressing!

Khi: Wait, wait, wait… What do you mean with “Horkers are terrified of Avali”? Did I hear correctly?

Rowi: Yes. These motherfuckers are just bullies. They treated you as cattle just because you were friendly and nice. The moment they face a species with far superior firepower and technology that won’t tolerate their BS… they shit themselves in terror. We know that they’re in a conquest campaign, and they know that if they piss off the wrong enemy, they’ll be wiped out.
