Panel 1: It’s a long string of text messages that finish in “You’ve successfully blocked this phone. They cannot contact you anymore”

Panel 2: D explains “If this had happened a year ago, I’d probably have retreated to my room and endured this all in silence. I didn’t want people to pity me… but at the same time I want this to be known: I don’t want this shit to be hidden in the darkness anymore. The guy texting me is my dad. Why did he come here? I have no idea, but I’m almost sure he got invited here in the same way you all were. It doesn’t matter, the thing is, since he didn’t get the password that gives him access to all the V.I.P areas, he likely is having to pay for everything.

Panel 3: D continues ”…Serves him right. Not only he left my mom and me because he couldn’t admit to his wife that he had cheated on her, but he actively tried to prevent us from getting any financial help. The time I tried to go to his house to beg for his help he had me removed from it by a policeman and what I guess was a maid. Anyways, I’ve actively refused to engage. I have no idea how he got my number, but I’ve been just reading his texts. Not gonna lie, it hurts and I want to reply to him so much, but I’ve been actively trying not to do so. I saw him during the concert, he was with my half sister.

Panel 4: Khi says “Wait, what do you mean with ‘he cheated on her’? What does 'financial help’ means? I’m sorry, I’m just trying to understand”. Sher says “Dad… I need to explain to you all a bit how the society on Earth works and why this is a huge issue”.

====================

Transcription of the phone conversation.

26:39 Do you want to humiliate me so much?
26:40 I didn’t expect you to grow up so resentful. But I should’ve expected it. I suck
26:42 I’m a horrible person. I’m a shit father. There i said it
26:43 Please forgive me for all I did, whatever it was. I’m sorry for making you sad, but gimme one more chance
26:44 Please I am begging you
26:46 Come on dont leave me in the air
26:48 I’m literally opening my heart to you and you ignore me, and you do this
26:51 I know its my fault but you should have a bit of consideration towards my feelings too
26:53 You weren’t the only one hurt, you know?
26:54 Your mom hurt me too. You hurt me too. That’s why I left. I had no other option.
26:57 Come on talk to me
27:03 Daniel, I’m asking you. No, I’m begging you! Talk to me! Say something!
27:06 Daniel talk to me, I’m your dad
27:08 Even if you don’t like it, I’m your dad and you owe me some respect
27:12 I know your “friends” will say respect is earned, not owed, but they are WRONG. You have no idea how things were done in my times
27:15 These ideas are the reason why kids these days go all “I’m more important than anybody else”
27:18 Daniel stop ignoring me, I know you’re somewhere in this space station and i *will* force you to talk to me!
27:22 Daniel, answer me or else
27:25 Daniel!
27:30 Daniel!
27:35 If you don’t answer me now I’ll kill myself and it will be YOUR fault! You’ll be a murderer!
27:44 You’re dead to me Daniel
27:53 I regret so much having met your mother
27:57 I didn’t mean to say that, I was just angry. Forgive me Daniel. It won’t happen again.

"You’ve successfully blocked this phone. They cannot contact you anymore."

