Panel 1:
A large corridor someplace on Warfaisser, there is a ice-cream stand. Roi is standing on a set of steps so she can reach the counter. Mekari is standing nearby watching as Roi conducts business.

Mekari: "Ice Cream... I'm excited to try it! I've heard it's good"

Roi: "Yes, Meky! When you told me that a very little bit of ice won't hurt you. I knew I had to get you some to try! Thank you sir..."

Stall Owner: "You're welcome ma'am!"


Panel 2:

Mekari is holding his Ice cream in the palm of his hand, fingers curled around it, as it melts and is absorbed directly through his hand. Roi is lying atop Mekari's head eating her own ice cream in the more traditional manner.

Roi: "I forgot you can feel taste with all your body!"

Mekari "Yup, and this is not bad! It's like a very controlled small burn, just enough to get my body cells excited! And the flavour is pretty good. I wonder if this is what you feel when you eat stuff with capsaicin."


Panel 3:
A view of Mekari and Roi, both of them are turning to look at someone who is talking off panel in their direction.

Off Screen "Mommy! Moomy! LOOK! LOOK AT THEM!"

Roi: Huh?


Panel 4:

There are a pair of slug like aliens with four legs and antenna wearing jumpers.
They are standing next to some planters full of plants.

Small Youngster Slug Alien: "IT'S A SLERIKI A REAL SLERIKI!!!! LIKE THE ONES ON TV!!!!! THEY'RE REAL!! HI!!! MISTER SLERIKI!! YOU'RE GREAT!!!"

The mother slug alien looking embarrassed "Shush! Stop! Shut up! Please!!"


Panel 5: Mekari is smiling and waving at the aliens
Mekari "It's okay Ma'am don't worry."


Panel 6: We see Mekari leaning forward to speak to the aliens.
Roi is on the ground, she is slightly bigger then the slug-alien mother and the baby slug-alien is tiny! Mekari looms over them all.

Mekari: "Hey little buddy hi! You are great too! Remember to obey your mum and don't forget to eat all your... (what do you guys eat?")"

Slug alien mother "Fish"

Mekari: ... eat all your fish so you grow awesome and strong

Slug Alien Child: YES SIR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!