Panel 1: It shows a large hotel room, with a wide aisle, some paintings at the sides and a window with stars at the end. There’s a table with a tablet at one of the sides. One of the guys says “Woah! This room is huge! I don’t think we’ve ever been in a hotel room as big as this on Earth”. Somebody replies “I’m not totally surprised. We aren’t on the Earth; we’re at a space station. The budget is way higher, and if you’re here, it means you have resources”.

Panel 2: Rowi is reading from the tablet. “Dear guests: Welcome to Warfaisser. You’ve been invited here to perform in the next version of the “Ultra Music Festival”, and due to that you and your family have full unrestricted access to all the V.I.P services. The password is: Shield, bolt, yes, food, cat, star, thunder, piano. This station is being permanently monitored by our staff with telepathic abilities, so you’re sage. If you have any issues during your stay here, please contact us using the tablet you’re holding. The rules… blah blah blah… Thank you for coming”.

Panel 3: Sher is smelling the air. D says “I’ll be honest, I feel weird. I have learned to adjust my expectations to how things are here in space, outside of Earth, but I still am not used to be treated like an actual celebrity. This room is what I’d expect Madonna to get, or Metallica. Not just a small rock band like us. How much are they earning with this festival?

Panel 4: Rowi says “Probably way more than we can imagine. And… I’m sorry, D, I… I don’t know what to say. I know ‘rich people’ make you uncomfortable… I remember I made you feel bad too when we had just met”.

Panel 5: D looks reluctantly to a side while holding his hands together. “Uhm… about that… I don’t think you need to worry about that anymore. It’s true, at first I didn’t like you much but… that was like… a decade ago. Actually, you’re the polar opposite of my sperm donor. You’re one of the kindest souls I’ve ever met. Not just that. You and Sher were the first beings showing me any kind of respect and genuine love in my life. If anything, I feel like an asshole for ever disliking you”.